Add support for automatic provisioning using synchronization jobs (#830)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azuread: docs/resources/synchronization_secret.md

---
subcategory: "Synchronization"
---

# Resource: azuread_synchronization_secret

> Manages synchronization secrets associated with an enterprise application service principal within Azure Active Directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manages synchronization secrets associated with a service principal (enterprise application) within Azure Active Directory. 
```

## API Permissions

The following API permissions are required in order to use this resource.

> When authenticated with a service principal, this resource requires one of the following application roles: `Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy` or `Directory.ReadWrite.All`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When authenticated with a service principal, this resource requires one of the following application roles: `Application.ReadWrite.All` or `Directory.ReadWrite.All`
```

## Example Usage

*Basic example*

```terraform
data "azuread_application_template" "example" {
  display_name = "Azure Databricks SCIM Provisioning Connector"
}

resource "azuread_application" "example" {
  display_name = "example"
  template_id  = data.azuread_application_template.example.template_id
  feature_tags {
    enterprise = true
    gallery    = true
  }
}

resource "azuread_service_principal" "example" {
  application_id = azuread_application.example.application_id
  use_existing   = true
}

resource "azuread_synchronization_secret" "example" {
  service_principal_id = azuread_service_principal.example.id

>   credentials {
>     key   = "BaseAddress"
>     value = "abc"
>   }
>   credentials {
>     key   = "SecretToken"
>     value = "some-token"
>   }

Reviewer: Per above note on pluralisation

```suggestion
  credential {
    key   = "BaseAddress"
    value = "abc"
  }
  credential {
    key   = "SecretToken"
    value = "some-token"
  }
```

}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `credentials` - (Optional) A collection of `credentials` blocks as documented below.

Reviewer: Also here

```suggestion
* `credential` - (Optional) One or more `credential` blocks as documented below.
```
